Hey Oh God that Baywatch uh yes but I
just watch it for the articles so is
Joey around no no he's not back yet but
he's gonna be here any minute so uh come
on in have a seat bow or Stern I don't
really have a preference you I like it
in the stern of the boat hello hey it's
me listen Casey and I were on our way
back and we held on car trouble what
happened we broke down on the Parkway so
I have to walk back and get some
transmission fluid anyway listen did you
please tell Cathy that I'm sorry you
don't be there as soon as I can
why can't you tell her Joey Joey yeah I
thought your time ran out
me too but I could say do have a couple
of more uh that was Joey's running a
little late and he says he's sorry oh so
I guess it's just you and me then oh
okay you know I think it is so what'd
you do today oh I had an appointment to
get my hair cut
oh it looks great and then it got
canceled well I could cut it really do
you do that yeah I do
oh of course I learned at my aunt's
dog-grooming shop but what is that dog
grooming huh okay just don't make my
tail too poofy
[Applause]
[Music]
you have really great hair well thanks I
grow it myself you know also has great
hair is Joey yes yeah Joey has great
hair hmm um I'm basically done here I
just get this hair off your neck
what you doing okay looks good oh it's
the phone the phone's making sounds
hello hey dude it's me hey it's Joey
listen I'm really sorry but let's say
when we stuck here for a while I got the
transmission fluid what to put in the
car transmission wasn't there a few
blocks back I just figured we hit a dog
okay oh yeah Joey hey oh no it's fine
don't worry about it
ya know stop apologizing it's okay yeah
I'll talk to you tomorrow I should
probably go yeah yes yeah I forgot my
purse oh oh no it's bad it's bad it's
bad horrible
wait the kiss for the situation no the
kiss was good no but that's bad
yes okay here's what we do we forget it
happens what okay we swallow our
feelings even if it means we're unhappy
forever sound good
can you really do that I have to he's my
best friend
and you're seeing him Chandler I like
Joey a lot but with you oh no no don't
don't see see you're getting me confused
I'm starting to yearn I'm sorry if you
want to pretend that nothing happened I
can try I I think we have to okay bye
bye
[Music]
are you still out there no